<!--
.. title: First Words
.. date: 2004-09-02 22:08:00
.. author: Amy Brown
.. tags: delphine
-->

<p>
I think I can officially declare that Delphine's first word is
"up!"  Spoken imperiously while tugging on pant legs or holding up
a book to be read.  She also says "Hi" and "Byebye" (actually
"Buh-bye") but it's hard to tell whether she knows what they mean.
"Buh-bye" is always accompanied by waving.  She also makes a 
credible attempt at "Zeyde": "Tz-da", but she definitely doesn't know
what (who) it means.
</p><p>
In other news, she's sleeping pretty well in the crib.  She wails a few
little wails when we put her down, and then drops off to sleep and 
stays there until about 5:00 am or 6:00 am.  Then we bring her into
bed and I desperately try and catch another hour of sleep while she 
has breakfast.  I would like her to not cry when we put her down, and
I would like her to not wake up so early, but I do not know how to 
go about effecting either of those things.  I suppose I could go back
to the advice books I scorned so thoroughly earlier, but I don't think
I'm ready for that yet.
</p><p>
She's eating pretty well, although I'm breaking a couple of rules
in order to get her to eat: I don't sit her down in her high chair
and feed her.  Instead, we hang out in the living room
and I give her bites of whatever she's having while she toddles around
and plays and hangs out.  She seems to eat more that way.  I only do
that for one meal a day, though, and for the other two I make her sit
properly.  It's not bedlam here, you know.  
</p><p>
The other rule I break is that I let her wander around with her sippy 
cup of milk, which is supposed to be bad for their teeth or make them 
obese or something.  In general I'm not doing a great job looking after
her teeth.  She won't let me brush them, and I don't know what the hell
to do.  Every few days I poke at them ineffectually with her pink and
yellow baby toothbrush while she clenches her jaw.  Maybe one day she'll 
actually let me in 
there.  Anyway, I'm sure my parents never brushed my teeth as a baby,
and I turned out fine!  (A sound and popular argument among proponents
of many a lousy parenting technique.)
</p><p>
My friend Tanya from pre-natal class and I are both poking idly at
the idea of doing something productive with our lives; me working
for my father-in-law to earn money to buy a dishwasher, she making
a documentary about her husband's family's pursuit of Native status,
or something.  Clearly she is far cooler than me.  Anyway, to that end
we need someone else to take care of our babies while we do our shit.
We bandied about a few ideas, and finally settled on each other!  We're
going to trade a few hours of child care a week.  I'm a little nervous --
make that terrified -- about looking after a second toddler, but it's
worth a try.  Maybe it won't be so bad?  It might be fun, even.  And
one day soon (I hope) I'll have to look after two kids all the time, so
this will be good practice.
</p><p>
Oh yes.  I don't know if I should post about this because it seems like
an overshare (I know, I've overshared so much, why stop now?  Because
I've finally realized that family reads this sometimes is why.)  Anyway,
I still haven't got my period back, and I'm getting impatient, so I've
decided if I'm still not fertile by the end of the year I will wean Delphine.
It will suck, but I don't want my kids to be years and years apart.  If
I were my mother I would be six months pregnant with my second child
already.  So, the clock is ticking for Miss Delphine's love/love relationship
with my bosom.
</p>

