<!--
.. title: Arthur Itis
.. date: 2004-03-24 22:47:00
.. author: Amy Brown
.. tags: everythingelse
-->

<p>
I'm not updating much, am I?  I started to wonder if I should have a
journal (or weblog) at all.  I can't be attracting much traffic with
my infrequent updates and rather dull life.  But on the other hand
it's nice to have a place to write things out when I need to think about
them, and to keep track of my life to look back on later.  A sensible
person would keep a private journal, but I've never been able to maintain
a journal just for myself.  Even though I know hardly anyone reads this,
I like the idea that anyone can.  Plus sometimes people find me through
Google and I have something useful for them, which is nice.
</p><p>
We went to the doctor on Tuesday because Delphine has had a cold, and on Sunday we 
noticed a rash on her torso.  She had a shitty day yesterday, crying
and miserable all day, but last night she slept like an angel.  By
the time we went to the doctor this morning the rash was all but invisible
and I looked like a crazy neurotic mom.  The doc said that rashes like
that are pretty typical symptoms of a viral infection.  She checked Del's
glands, lungs and ears and she looks generally okay, although she said
to look out for an ear infection in about a week.
</p><p>
While I was there I asked about being checked for rheumatoid arthritis.
I said I'd heard that if it's treated early enough they can prevent it
from getting worse, and I didn't want to miss the opportunity to treat it
early.  (Trying, as usual, not to sound like a hypochondriac -- I feel stupid
complaining about arthritis at 28 years old.)  The doctor
doesn't think it's rheumatoid because it's only in my hips. She thinks it's
osteo-; I think it might be rheumatoid because it started when I was in 
high school, it went away when I was pregnant and came back with a vengeance
after Delphine was born, and because that's what my mother calls her
arthritis.  Actually, now that I think about it I didn't tell her the first
thing, and the last thing is perhaps not so useful.  Anyway, she ordered
a blood test to check for rheumatoid factors (which will also apparently
detect syphilis -- good to know) so I duly went to have my blood taken
and soon we'll know either way.
</p>

